 several trips to Russia, I came to the conclusion that actually my initial impression was wrong about, because my initial thought was, well, that there's not enough will to explore and expand beyond Earth and have a Mars base and that kind of thing. But I came to the conclusion that that was wrong. In fact, there's plenty of will, particularly in the United States, because the United States is a nation of explorers, of people who came here from other parts of the world. I think the United States is really a distillation of the spirit of human exploration. But if people think it's impossible, or it's going to completely break the federal budget, then they're not going to do it. So after my third trip, I said, okay, what we really need to do here is try to solve the space transport problem and started SpaceX. And this was against the advice of the United States. And I said, okay, well, I'm going to do it. And they said, well, I'm going to do it. And they said, okay, well, I'm going to do it. And they said, okay, well, I'm going to do it. And they said, okay, well, I'm going to do it. And they said, okay, pretty much everyone I talked to, one friend made me sit down and watch a bunch of videos of rockets blowing up. Let me tell you, he wasn't far wrong. It was tough going there in the beginning, because I'd never built anything physical. I mean, I'd built like little model rockets as a kid and that kind of thing. But I'd never had a company that built anything physical. So I had to figure out how to do all these things and bring together the right team of people. And I was like, okay, well, I'm going to do it. And they said, okay, well, I'm going to do it. And I said, okay, well, I'm going to do it. And they said, okay, well, I'm going to do it. And I said, okay, well, I'm going to do it. And they said, okay, well, and so we did all that and then failed three times. It was tough, tough going. Because the thing about a rocket is that the passing grade is a hundred percent.